We turn great ideas into brilliant realities
We can help answer some of your biggest digital challenges and identify untapped opportunities. We'll focus on your customer needs, guide your business forward with actionable insight, and deliver long-term strategic and innovative value.

Do you need more consumers to buy your product? Want more people to subscribe to your list, download your app, or learn about your brand?
Whatever services you're targeting, we can help!

*Services:
	Google Ads Optimization / Google Shop Management Service / Brand marketing/ ASO
	Google Ads Optimization: By hiring us to create and perform your company's Google Search Ads, you are already doing better than your competitors
	Google Shopping Management Service: Sell faster and smarter with our fully customisable Google Shopping Management Service
	Brand marketing: You give us your brilliant ideas - We give you a successful brand (Gives us your brilliant brand - We make it on top)
	ASO: By using keyword boost or direct app installs, grow and monetize your app with our ASO service

*Google Ads Optimization
	Earn more - Pay less and boost your reach with Google Ads Marketing
		Unleash the power of the biggest search engine
	Google search engine is such a wonderful source of high quality traffic, leads and sales for almost every businesses. Why?
	Because when people search for products or services they need, like everybody else, they go online and use search engine! And the most commonly choose is Google Search
		
	Do you want to reach customers that are ready to buy ? Google Search is the solution.
	Do you want immediate results? Google Search is the key.
	Do you want to be in control of your marketing budget? Google Search is what you need.
		Why? Because Google Search simply works like a charm
	“Businesses make an average of $2 in revenue for every $1 they spend on Google Adwords.”
											Wordstream
	Improve your ROI with PPC Advertising
		With our Google advertising service, your company can develop a competitive and custom strategy for Google’s ad network that drives more than clicks but also sales, leads, and revenue
		We always hunt the most relevant keywords
		We improve your quality scores to get cheaper clicks
	Landing page design and conversion optimization
		Getting high quality traffic to your website is only 50% of our job. It also thinks about a user's next step, after they click on your ad and arrive on your landing page.
		We have a dedicated team of designers specializing in landing pages design. We can provide your business with a fast, friendly user-interface that drive sales, phone call, revenue and more...
	Remarketing
		Display remarketing is one of the cheapest method for boosting your conversion rates, create significant growth and oppoturnity for your business
		Studies show that people who see retargeted ads are 70% more likely to convert and that is why we run "retargeting" campaigns
		Putting your brand in front of the right people at the right time to spark long-lasting connections
		With custom strategies, targeted and copy, and professionally designed display ads, we help you reconnect and convert these valuable business buyers and consumers
	Benefits
		Cost effective
		Pay per click - Only pay when someone clicks on your ad
		No minimum budget
		Increase website traffic
		High conversion rate
		Boost your sales
		Measure your performance
		Effective remarketing

*Brand marketing
	Great marketing makes your brand look smart!
	We help you reach your audience with consistent & memorable results
	A beautiful logo and a user-friendly website is one thing. Generating leads is another. Our brand marketing service will helps you grow
	
	Your Brand is More Than Just Your Logo
	Although brand management is essential to developing, protecting and growing your online and offline reputation, you still need to consider the challenges of developing a brand strategy
		Plan must be Realistic
		Plan need to get more Creative
		Plan must be Able to Deliver Growth
	“A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.”
														 – Jeff Bezos
	4 key components of brand marketing
	Lead generation
		Brand marketing agencies need to get more creative with their lead generation tactics
		We step outside the box and create remarkable offers that your prospects actually want to engage with
		We will develop your website landing pages and calls-to-action, and monitor your results for performance
	Content creation
		Content creation is one of the most important marketing tools to get famous online
		Creating valuable, relevant, content is hard. It takes time, effort, energy, and knowledge
		We help businesses with their website strategy by creating blogs, e-newsletters, infographics, white papers, and more. 
		And the result? Enabling you to generate more valuable leads
	Analytics & reporting
		Information is key to the survival and success of any size business, 
		knowing what’s working and what isn’t on your website or social platform can be the difference between winning and loosing
		We monitor your website analytics daily and create monthly reports that show our progress made
	Social media strategy
		A staggering amount of time each and every day is spent on social media channels and chances are your customers are part of that trend
		Our approach to social works to understand the relationships, behaviors, and interests around your business that create community engagement
		Increase Brand Awareness and website traffic with keywords, blogs and social media
	Benefits
	Having a good brand marketing will bring you a strong brand.
	And here are some of the major benefits when you have a strong brand
		Better customer recognition
		Higher customer loyalty
		More word of mouth
		Higher advertising effectiveness
		Higher applicant quality
		Higher employee motivation
		Lower price sensitivity

*ASO
	Get on top of the world in App store or Play market
	The primary goal of ASO is to increase more organic downloads and the number of loyal users
	ASO also focuses on click-through rate (CTR). This means you have to convince people to actually click into your app store listing once they find it
	We can do so by optimizing your App Name, App Title, App Icon, App Screenshots and App Rating.
	
	Why ASO is so important?
	More than 5 million apps are available to download from the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store.
	It’s very likely that your app is facing a lot of tough competition and they have done ASO a long time before you
	Moreover, research shows that $101 billion was spent on mobile ads globally last year - 5 times bigger than in 2012
	
	Our ASO services
	On-page ASO
		Optimize your App Store page with a vetted list of keywords to increase its visibility and achieve top rankings
			App store content optimization
			Metadata & keywords optimization
			App ratings and reviews
			Screenshots and app icons
			App Type and Category Selection	
	Off-page ASO
		Promote your app across a wide range of online channels to reach your target audience and boost downloads
			Image submissions and promotions
			Infographic creation and sharing
			Blog creation and posting
			Social media marketing
			Back-links building
	ASO Reports
		Keeps you up-to-date with the latest analytics reports to measure your App Store performance
			Google analytics report
			App installations report
			Keyword ranking report
			Weekly ASO reports
	Add-on ASO Services
		Incorporate off-page promotions for your Mobile App to attract new users and boost downloads
			Social bookmarking
			Guest blogging
			PR creation
			PR submissions

	Benefits
		Improve visibility & stand out in the App Stores
		Increase App Revenue and Conversion Rates
		Reach a global audience with your app
		Increase Organic App Downloads in a Sustainable Way
		Cut User Acquisition Costs and Get Continuous Growth

*Google Shopping Management service
	A product listing ads service to skyrocket your ROI
	Google Shopping campaign, also called product listing ads, is the most cost-effective Google ads feature to get their products in front of more eyeballs and engage potential customers
	And putting your products in front of the right people at the right time will increase the conversion rate and revenue
	
	Why do you need to use Google Shopping Ads?
	Researh shows that 81% of purchases begin with an online search, often times on Google
	So why not put your products right at the top of the screen for users to see when they search for a product like yours?
	Google’s powerful search engine and targeting components allow for your ads to reach a highly target demographic of people already searching for products just like the ones you sell.
	So let encourage shoppers to trust your brand and products with ratings, promotions, and more through our Google Shopping Management service
	
	How do our Google Shopping Management service work?
	Effective campaign structure
		We’ll use our expertise in product listing ads management to set up Google Shopping campaigns with efficient, optimized structures
		We’ll keep bids low for generic terms, prioritize more relevant ones and focus spend in areas designed to give you the best possible competitive advantage
		To ensure that you’re getting high visibility into your campaigns and their performance, we’ll prioritize a clear, intuitive campaign structure
	Optimized product feed
		Our Google Shopping management services include working with you to generate an optimized shopping feed
		We’ll create evocative, keyword-rich titles and descriptions and pair them with attractive images designed to draw interest and engage viewer’s attention
		We’ll make sure that your pricing is correctly implemented and that special offers are executed promptly and accurately to help you stand apart from your competitors.
	Bidding and Targeting strategies
		One of the most common mistakes in Google Shopping ad management is an inefficient bidding strategy that treats all products and keywords the same
		As an experienced Google Shopping agency, we know all the tips and tricks to give your products a precise, controlled bidding structure
		We’ll also run retargeting campaigns towards customers who have already interested in your brand or products, while minimizing inefficient, wasteful spend elsewhere
	Negative keywords
		Properly use negative keywords is one of our tactics for avoiding low-ROI spend
		Negative keywords are one of the most important tools you have for funneling keywords to the right campaigns, and avoiding wasted ad spend
		Our Google Shopping Management service will ensure that you’re not wasting money on the vast majority of keywords that will rarely convert
		We’ll regularly revisit your negative keyword list with daily updates, adding new keywords and eliminating ads for non-relevant searches
	Testing and Optimization
		If you want to surpass competitors and deal with Google’s constantly changing policies and algorithms, you have to drive improvement regularly from what you had
		We’ll execute continuous testing of bids, keywords and ads to drive consistent improvement
		Optimize campaigns on the basis of end-to-end attribution, analyzing which keywords, products, devices, and audiences are delivering the best results
		Which leading to the best conversion rate you ever have and ensure that you stay competitive, rather than falling behind
	Benefits
		Increase your ROI
		Better and more qualified traffic
		Broader reach
		Clear customer intent
		Goal tailored down to the products
		Stand out among competition

*Who we are
	We are a collaborative TEAMS OF EXPERTS that makes big brands bigger, small brands matter and products to be known worldwide
	CREATIVITY is our PRIME SERVICE! We lead by example, set the bar high, and use our vision to reshape the industry!
	Marketing products and services will come and go, 
	but the talented people here at CREATIVE Promotional Marketing Agency will continue to stand out and endure because we care more!

*What we can do
	Connecting people to your brand and products
	Increasing brand and products regconition
	Differentiating your products and services
	Communicating to your marketplace
	Motivating and rewarding behaviour
	And last but not least, 
		We made creative ideas succeed

*Client said
	Brayden Willis (Product manager)
	It's been a pleasure working with OneAdx. Their dedication which drives a dramatic increase in our revenue. They are a real A-Team, always polite, helpful and responsive. OneAdx is by far the best marketing company I have ever worked with!
	
	Kellie Whitfield (Beauty brand Founder)
	Creative, flexible and professional, it was a relief to rely on OneAdx for my beauty brand marketing. Starting from scratch, with limited time to make it operational, and they really made it possible!
	
	Armaan Almond (Chief manager)
	The quality of OneAdx's content creation and digital marketing for us is exceptional. Their service is fast and very personal. Would definately recommend!
	
	Erica Church (Marketing manager)
	OneAdx has exceeded our expectations with their incredible plan and excute marketing strategy and campaign. When you are looking to increase your sales via digital marketing, OneAdx is the first company I would recommend

	Ezra Parker (Chief marketing officer)
	OneAdx's team provide just the right balance of professionalism, creativy and customer service to suit our needs and your needs to, I believe so! Have been working a number of projects with them, each and every time, they always listened carefully to the brief and come up with brilliant ideas that hits the spot across a range of disciplines

	Kristofer Tran (Co-founder)
	OneAdx's team have worked with us on everything from brand design, video, photography, online, print... Projects are always approached with enthusiasm, care and a focus to deliver exceed our expectations and within the agreed budget




